Update component creation steps (#1715)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/develop-components/deploy-a-containerized-application.md

!!! note
    You can [revoke access](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/reviewing-your-authorized-integrations#reviewing-your-authorized-github-apps) if you do not want Choreo to have access to your GitHub account. Choreo needs write access only to send pull requests to a user repository. Choreo does not directly push any changes to a repository.

> Alternatively, you can connect a public repository without requiring authorization from the [Choreo Apps](https://github.com/marketplace/choreo-apps) GitHub application. Select the **Third-Party GitHub Repository** and paste a public repository URL in the **Public Repository URL** field at the time of component creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can connect a public repository without requiring authorization from the [Choreo Apps](https://github.com/marketplace/choreo-apps) GitHub application. Select the **Use Public GitHub Repository** and paste a public repository URL in the **Public Repository URL** field at the time of component creation.
```
